Add support of getStaticProps and getServerSideProps (#196)
kirill-konshin/next-redux-wrapper: README.md

));
```

## Upgrade from 5.x to 6.x

Major change in the way how things are wrapped in version 6.

1. Default export `withRedux` is marked deprecated, you should create a wrapper `const wrapper = createWrapper(makeStore, {debug: true})` and then use `wrapper.withRedux(Page)`.

2. Your `makeStore` function no longer gets `initialState`, it only receives the context: `makeStore(context: Context)`. Context could be [`NextPageContext`](https://nextjs.org/docs/api-reference/data-fetching/getInitialProps) or [`AppContext`](https://nextjs.org/docs/advanced-features/custom-app) or [`getStaticProps`](https://nextjs.org/docs/basic-features/data-fetching#getstaticprops-static-generation) or [`getServerSideProps`](https://nextjs.org/docs/basic-features/data-fetching#getserversideprops-server-side-rendering) context depending on which lifecycle function you will wrap. Instead, you need to handle the `HYDRATE` action in the reducer. The `payload` of this action will contain the `state` at the moment of static generation or server side rendering, so your reducer must merge it with existing client state properly.

> 3. `App` should no longer wrap it's childern with `Provider`, it is now done internally.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. `App` should no longer wrap its children with `Provider`, it is now done internally.
```

Author: Fixed
